[Music]
there's the saying that goes like when I
was 20 it seems to me that those who
turn 30 are already old I must have had
a great imagination as we grow older
things really change it's not just about
our appearance but also about how we
treat our health our family our money
and other things what was significant in
our 20s becomes not such a priority when
we turn 30 and vice versa today we will
show you how people change over time
what life looks like before and after
you turn 30 what do you usually do in
the evenings when you are in your 20s
let us say girls put some makeup grab
the best dress from the wardrobe and go
out with friends hey what are we doing
tonight let's check that new bar down
the street when you turn 30 instead of
putting on makeup in the evening you
actually want to remove it by 10:00 p.m.
so late time to read a good book and
have a nice sleep and don't worry if
you're missing something all your
friends are probably doing the same
thing now before 30 you text your
husband something like honey sweetie
babe can't wait to see you come home
soon
after 30 your texts look more like well
milk bread cheese it's all business
nothing else smiley faces sometimes when
you're in your 20s the word late means 3
to 4 a.m. and there is still time for
some romance after 30 late means hmm any
time after 11 p.m.
well let's be completely honest actually
any time after 9 p.m. now here is the
worst part when you are in your 20s your
metabolism works like a rocket chocolate
pancakes piece of cake Who am I kidding
the whole cake ice cream vanilla Sara
strawberry syrup and yeah put some
marshmallows on top too and no effect
you stay as thin as a cane let's admit
it after 30 the magic is over you just
take one tiny tiny piece of chocolate
and that's it time to buy new bigger
jeans before 30 you don't notice anyone
around when you are in love you are
kissing passionately in public hugging
holding
and staying in your big bubble of love
some old fellows on the bench might even
say how dare they but you don't care you
are so young when you reach your 30s
well you are one of those fellows on the
bench
you swear we were never like that yeah
mm-hmm never when you were in your 20s
you take other people's opinion very
seriously Oh are they talking about me
what are they talking about are they
laughing at me what did I do wrong after
you turn 30 you're like who cares let
them talk not my problem
your attitude to aging also changes over
the years when you're in your 20s your
scariest thought is I don't want to get
old no not me and only one you get just
a bit older you understand that life
just begins at 30 and at 50 at 80 as
well don't be afraid of aging now how
many friends do we have in our 20s oh we
make friends with everyone around even
with that barista in the next-door cafe
on social media we normally have more
than a thousand friends no one knows how
we managed to stay in touch with most of
them the moment you turn 30 you have
only two or three close friends and you
prefer spending time with them on Friday
evenings rather than partying with
strangers from your Facebook friends
list hence the phrase old friends and
old wine or best finally you're
traveling way when we are in our 20s we
love hospitals and their unique
atmosphere new people music parties are
all we need to have the best trip ever
the moment you turn 30 you are like oh
such a nice hotel such a cozy bed in a
quiet room
I'm not surprised it has four stars now
you appreciate your comfort first no
judging we all change over time so was
it true for you we'd love to hear your
view on this leave your thoughts in the
comments below and if you are visiting
our channel for the first time click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]